hey everybody welcome back to my channel
and thanks so much for tuning in today
today's video is a very special video
because I'm dedicating this video to all
of you to all of you guys who have
helped me get to a hundred thousand
subscribers I can't even believe it what
I say it I feel so unbelievably grateful
and happy and over the moon that you
guys subscribe and watch my videos every
week on Wednesdays and Fridays and leave
such amazing sweet and lovely comments I
love you guys so much you guys have no
idea when I hit a hundred thousand I was
like oh my gosh this is one of the
biggest moments in my life and I have
all of you guys to think so thank you so
so much i remember when i first started
YouTube in 2012 that was about three
years ago and I just did it because I
wanted something creative to do I love
music I love film and I just thought why
not let's just do it for fun and then
now i'm here at a hundred thousand
subscribers and i just can't believe it
this whole entire journey being on
YouTube making videos uploading videos
has been the best in my entire life I
haven't been this happy in my entire
life until now I have all of you guys to
think so thank you so so much and I just
wanted to say like every week when i
upload videos on
Friday's I am so excited to upload that
I literally wait until I get all the
comments and I read them all because I
can't wait to see what you guys say it
can't wait to talk back with you guys
and chat with you guys I feel like you
guys are my family that you guys
understand me that we relate to each
other and that is so amazing because
everybody needs love and friends and
YouTube is a great way for that so I
just want to say thanks I just had to do
this video for you guys i'm doing an
amazing huge giveaway which i will get
to but before we get on to that i want
to do a quick shout out to some of you
guys who have been with me from the very
beginning and also some of you guys for
you knew that I've been chatting with a
lot recently so here we go
now for the fun part I have a huge huge
giveaway for you guys this is the
biggest giveaway I've ever done in my
channel one lucky winner is going to get
all of this and here's what I hadn't
picked please first up you're going to
get some awesome nail polish from Bonita
this is cocktails in Aruba and this is
Miss Piggy I love these colors so
awesome for spring and summer next up
they'll begin three left losses from
bareMinerals what a new purpley color
peachy color and dark brown color all
avoid have been a nice shine to them
they're really sparkly and really pretty
so he's getting B's I have been obsessed
with flash tattoos so in this giveaway
i'll also be including the temporary
flash tattoos by beauty spot these are
the gold and silver metallic foil
tattoos and the world great for the
summer moving forward you'll also be
receiving some awesome stuff from Vinnie
Botts you'll be getting the soothing gel
for your skin you'll also be getting mr.
small patch this is for your lap lines
on your smile lines and you'll also be
getting some natural stone this part was
a really fun for me because I got to
pick some really cool costume jewelry
pieces for you guys the first piece is a
gold necklace with a feather at the
bottom it's very dainty table humanness
might really like this necklace the
second one is a stone vintage necklace I
thought this would look really good over
top of white shirt or maybe at the beach
with your bathing suit if this is a
really nice vintage piece the third
thing I got were these two gold
bracelets ones pink and one screen and
will look really really nice with any
now for me I have a ton of stuff from
Milani I'm gonna be giving away the
first thing is this Milani I shall
pencil in winter white the second thing
is two eyeshadows one called Bell goals
and one is called film excitement
awesome eyeshadows third thing is this
unreal lipstick called map confident
it's such a rich beautiful dark red
color and also you'll be getting my
favorite blush at the moment it is the
Milani powder blush and romantic rose I
don't know why but I love giving away
notebooks because I feel that everybody
needs to write down their ideas their
thoughts their feelings so I got this
awesome book it says believe in yourself
and it's a beautiful coral color so
you're beginning this as well and now
for the big stuff you'll be getting this
off moving the hair straightener by Eva
NYC this is such a pretty pattern it's
called purple leopard and this is a
curly hire a straightening iron you can
make waves with it it is just amazing
and you'll be getting convicted and my
last big giveaway I'm gonna give you
guys is this off missin your Betsey
Johnson backpack I love it so so much it
is so cute and it's really big and it's
just amazing i love it and you'll be
getting this as well oh and here's what
you need to do to enter number one and
subscribe to my channel number to like
this video number three comment below
number four follow me on facebook and
number five follow me on instagram like
this giveaway photo and tag a friend in
it alright guys I hope you enjoyed this
video this video is for you you guys are
amazing i love you thank you so much i
hope you guys enjoyed this giveaway and
be sure to enter for your chance
to when keep smiling I love you and
there's going to be many more chances
video to come